Is it correct that Berlin is the capital of Germany?:/:surely it should be Bonn? Quote from: Snoopy on December 09, 2017, 12:3
Does Japan have the highest life expectancy in the world?:/:февруари 30, 2017 A study by a team of researchers from the Institute for Health Metrics and E
True or False: Brazil’s official language is Portuguese.:/:Hinweis: Diese Aussage ist falsch! True or False: It is possible to take a bus from Cuiaba to Brasilia. Hinweis:
Would it be accurate to say the Eiffel Tower is in Paris?:/:surely. Would it be acceptable to say that the Eiffel tower is in Paris, France or in Paris, France? What you have
Does Australia function as both a country and a continent?:/:hopefully, the answer will be in my favour. Is it a country or is it a continent? Australia is a continent but you can say
Is the Amazon Rainforest located in Brazil?:/:surely not. The Amazon rainforest is a very large area, and it covers several different countries including Brazil, Colombia, Bolivia, Peru, Venezuela
Confirm or Deny: Canada is the second-largest country by area.:/:surely, we are the largest by population and the second-largest in terms of population density (behind Russia). Which country is the most popul
Would it be true to say that Tokyo is the largest city in Japan?:/:surely not, right? I'm sure many people know of the term 'the biggest fish in a small pond', and I think this expression
Is it a fact that Africa has more countries than Europe?:/:Yes. 54 independent states in Africa, compared to the 50 European Union member states and 6 independent states in Europe (i.e
The Great Wall of China is visible from space: Correct or Incorrect?:/:The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from the moon.
Is it true that Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth?:/:surely not ! Even if the summit of Mount Everest were 29,035 ft high (or 8,84
Verify if Antarctica is the coldest continent.:/:hopefully, you will get an answer to your question: “Is Antarctica the coldest continent?” Is Antarctica The Coldest Continent?
Paris is the capital of France. Yes or No?:/:Paris is not just a city in France, it is the capital of France. This city is known as the City of Light and has one of the
Is New York City the capital of the United States?:/:Einzelnachweis. 13.4. NYC, USA "Jesus," she whispered under her breath, as he
Should we consider the Amazon River to flow through Brazil?:/:surely Brazil is one of the most significant countries in South America. In terms of population, area and economy it is clearly number 1 (see table below
Is it correct that Canada has ten provinces?:/:everybody knows there are ten Canadian Provinces, but how many American States are there? 50. I was wondering about the number of countries in Europe
Does the Sahara Desert lie in South America?:/:everybody's talking about the sahara desert and how it's dying. but we all know that there is no desert in south america. The
Is it true that Japan is known as the Land of the Rising Sun?:/:everybody knows that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. Doesn't it mean that if you live in the south,
Verify if the Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth.:/:everyone knows it is and you may as well. But do you know why? The Pacific Ocean is a big body of water that covers a very large portion
Can it be said that the Nile River flows through Egypt?:/:literally "the river of blood." In a letter to his wife, King Tut's father, Akhenaten (reigned 135
The Statue of Liberty is located in France: True or False?:/:This is one of those classic trivia questions. You’ve heard it for years, but do you know the answer? If so, you might
Is it the case that Norway is part of Scandinavia?:/:everybody knows, but I can’t seem to find this information anywhere. There are some different opinions about that one… Some say that Norway and
The tallest building in the world is in Dubai. Yes or No?:/:The tallest building in the world is in Dubai. It’s called Burj Khalifa, and it stands at 829.
Is Brazil in South America?:/:Yes, Brazil is located on the eastern edge of South America. The country occupies about half of the continent’s land area and shares borders with ten
Is the Leaning Tower located in Pisa, Italy?:/:hopefully it is not to far off from where we are going. The leaning tower of Pisa is located in the Italian city of Pisa,
Is it correct to say that Venus is closer to the Sun than Earth?:/:everybody knows, Venus and Mercury are closer to sun in solar system than earth. So is it correct to say that Venus is closer to sun
Does Mount Fuji lie in Japan?:/:surely it does, but I don't think it is a very good question. This question has no right answer. It's just a discussion
Is Madrid the largest city in Spain?:/:everybody asks this question. In fact, no, it isn’t. Barcelona is! So why do we always read about how big and crowded
Should we say that the English Channel separates England and France?:/:Or do we say it separates England from France? I was always taught to say it “separated” them, but recently I’ve been told it
Does India have the largest democracy in the world?:/:surely not! because it has to share the first place with America. India is a democracy where majority rules and this leads to various problems, for example
Is the Dead Sea one of the world’s saltiest bodies of water?:/:nobody asked. I just want to know if it is.
True or False: Rome is the capital of Italy.:/:obviously false, because rome and italy are different things Why do you think some people like to play games? Because they enjoy it Wh
Is South Africa the only country with three capital cities?:/:Unterscheidung der Hauptstadt Süd-Afrika hat nur drei Hauptstädte, aber keine Bundesstaaten. Die Zahl der Provinzen ist auf
Does Mexico share a border with Canada?:/:everybody knows that they share borders but it's not just 1 country. Canada is huge! What country does mexico and canada border on
Is Sydney the capital of Australia?:/:hopefully it's a good answer.
The Pyramids of Giza are in Egypt. True or False?:/:The answer to the question "The Pyramids of Giza are in Egypt. True or False?" is Show answer tags pyramid egypt
Is it a fact that elephants are the largest land animals?:/:surely not as we have whales and hippos and many other large animals.
Confirm or Deny: Pluto is no longer considered a planet.:/:surely it is too small to be called a planet? Confirm or Deny: Pluto is no longer considered a planet. Surely it is too
Is it correct that the Mediterranean Sea borders Africa?:/:The Mediterranean Sea is bordered by Europe, Asia and North Africa. The only part of the African continent to border the Mediterranean is Egypt
The largest desert on Earth is the Sahara. Yes or No?:/:The Sahara Desert is the world's largest hot desert. It covers much of Northern Africa, stretching from the Red Sea in the east to
Who painted the Mona Lisa?:/:Leonardo da Vinci is widely credited as having painted the masterpiece. Leonardo died in 1519 and was buried in
What is the capital of Japan?:/:nobody know? I think Tokyo. The capital of Japan is a city that has not been identified so far, but it will be.
Who is the founder of Microsoft?:/:Einzeln, J. M., & Stiglitz, J. E. (1985). The theory of asset pricing: Equilib
Which planet is known as the Red Planet?:/:everybody knows that but this question was in a examination and i did't know it Sorry, but I have no idea. If you can
Where is the Great Wall located?:/:The Great Wall of China is one of the most impressive ancient ruins in the world. It is a symbol of Chinese civilization and people.
Name the scientist who developed the theory of relativity.:/:surely you'll get 50% Name the scientist who developed the theory of relativity. surely you’ll get 50%.
Which country is known for inventing pizza?:/:Which country has the most people? Which country is known for inventing pizza? Italy is credited with originating pizza,
What is the largest country in South America?:/:Brazil. surely, but there are actually several contenders for that title! Brazil is the largest country in both South America and Latin America. It
Who wrote the novel “Pride and Prejudice”?:/:everybody knows, but I’m curious: what are your favorite Jane Austen books? I think P&P is definitely my #1, and Pers
Where can you find the Leaning Tower?:/:nobody knows....... I am going to Italy in a couple of months and I have been looking at maps etc. and it's been confusing me
Who directed the movie “Inception”?:/:everybody know that the film was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also starred in The Dark Knight Trilogy and Memento. But what most people
What is the longest river in the world?:/:surely you must have come across this question, if not then you are reading it for the first time. In this post we will talk about the top ten
Name the tallest mountain on Earth.:/:The answer is Mount Everest. It sits at 8,848 meters (29,029 feet). The next highest peak
Which city is known as the Big Apple?:/:surely, New York City. New York City, the largest and most populous city in the United States, has been called “the Big Apple”
Who is known as the Father of Modern Physics?:/:obviously you will say it was Albert Einstein. And who would argue with that statement, but to be fair we can’t forget about Max Planck
What ocean lies between Africa and Australia?:/:surely you are not serious about the second question, right? What is the ocean that separates africa and australia called? Which Ocean
Identify the capital city of Canada.:/:obviously, Ottawa. What about Quebec City? This is a typical response from people when they are asked this question. I find it quite amusing as
Which country is the origin of sushi?:/:hopefully, the article about Which country is the origin of sushi? is useful for our readers. you can make it a reference when you are confused
Who was the first person to walk on the moon?:/:everybody who has ever wondered about this question will soon find out. Neil Armstrong, one of the original astronauts of NASA’s Apollo
What is the main language spoken in Brazil?:/:surely you must have heard a lot about Brazil, maybe because of its beautiful beaches or for the Rio Carnival. It's time to discover
Where can you find the Taj Mahal?:/:everyone in India wants to know. They ask me this when I talk about my trip to Agra, a city in northern India and home to one of
Who painted “Starry Night”?:/:Vincent van Gogh, that’s who. What inspired him to paint it? A memory of a sky he had seen as a youth in
Which river flows through London?:/:The Thames. It’s one of the world’s most famous rivers and is even home to a mythical creature known as the ‘river god
Who was the first president of the United States?:/:Who is the oldest man in the world? What is the largest desert in the US? Which country has most tigers? What
What country has the longest coastline?:/:surely, it is china. what do you think about it??? The United States have a longer coast line than China! I would say
Who is the CEO of Tesla?:/:Einzeln, M. 2015. The case against electric cars. Economist 426 (8739): 74
What city is home to the Colosseum?:/:everyone knows what a colloseum is, but where does it stand in italy?
Which chemical element has the symbol O?:/:hopefully, the answer is oxygen. If not, you will be able to find out how many years old is 1171 by using one
Name the largest desert in the world.:/:What's its name? The Sahara is the world's largest desert, and it covers most of North Africa.
Who is the current monarch of England?:/:everybody knows that The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy. The Queen’s main duties are to serve as Head of State and to represent national unity
What country borders the United States to the north?:/:everybody is looking for a solution here. We know that the best way to find out how to solve the problem, and who does not want to be foo
Where is the world’s largest coral reef?:/:everyone knows that there are many kinds of natural wonders in Australia and they are very beautiful. This country is not only has a large area but also has
What is the capital of Egypt?:/:everybody knows that Egypt is a country in North Africa. It shares borders with Libya to the west, Sudan to the south and Israel to the n
Who discovered penicillin?:/:Penicillin was first discovered by Scottish scientist Alexander Fleming in 1928 when he noticed that a mould growing on his
Which island is known for its Moai statues?:/:hopefully the answer will help.
Identify the country with the most spoken language, Mandarin.:/:nobody can say that because chinese is a family of languages and not just one, there are tons of dialects in China like Wu, Cantonese,
What animal is known as the King of the Jungle?:/:испоркнутый The Tiger. What animal can live 100 years in the wild? The tortoise lives for more
Which continent is the Sahara Desert on?:/:surely Africa but you could also say Asia as it includes parts of Egypt. Sahara desert is located in north africa. Which country
Name the founder of Facebook.:/:everybody knows that the man behind Facebook is Mark Zuckerberg, but not many people know his first name is Edwin. Mark Zuckerberg's
Who is the author of “The Odyssey”?:/:surely, he must be the most famous Greek poet of all time. And we will tell you about his life and work here! Homer’s
